Hey Dad, here's my service report.
Good, you can put it on the bench.
Okay. Dad, one can I be a publisher?
Ah, you have brought this up before.
When we're together in the ministry, you do very well when speaking at the door.
So then I can?
Not just yet. It's like getting a license to drive a car.
You have to be approved.
We can discuss how the elders are involved in approving you.
For now, let's see if you might qualify.
First, do you obey Jehovah and your parents?
Yeah.
Next, do you believe the Bible is Jehovah's Word?
And can you explain the basic teachings?
Yes.
And are your friends Jehovah's friends?
Caleb, you are already doing very well.
One last thing.
Do you want to be one of Jehovah's Witnesses in Bridge?
I do.
I think I'm ready.
I think you are too.
But we'll have to see what the elders decide.
I'm so proud of you, son.
Now, could you hand me that wrench?
Yeah.
Thank you.